Supporting DLQ in batch mode (#2649)
spring-cloud/spring-cloud-stream: docs/src/main/asciidoc/kafka/kafka_overview.adoc

Otherwise, the method will be called with one record at a time.
The size of the batch is controlled by Kafka consumer properties `max.poll.records`, `fetch.min.bytes`, `fetch.max.wait.ms`; refer to the Kafka documentation for more information.

> Starting with `4.0.2` release, binder supports DLQ capabilities when consuming in batch mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with version `4.0.2`, the binder supports DLQ capabilities when consuming in batch mode.
```
